doc: add abnormal termination step 1 (#344)
nodejs/diagnostics: documentation/abnormal_termination/step1/using_exit_stack_traces.md

> # Using `--trace-exit` CLI Option

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Using Exit Stack Traces for Debugging

//TODO
# Using `--trace-exit` CLI Option
```

## How To

There are conditions that we used an third party library that we have trivial
knowledge of the implementation details. It is hard to determine where the exit
is trigger in which library in these conditions. On the first step we have to
determine if it is a proactive `process.exit` invocation and where it is to
prevent follow up not trivial work of detailed digging the exit reasons.

The simple step is to add an option `--trace-exit` on starting the Node.js
process. Since then, we can see a stacktrace on each call of `process.exit`.

```bash
 > node --trace-exit src/abnormal-exit.js
(node:26480) WARNING: Exited the environment with code 0
    at exit (internal/process/per_thread.js:168:13)
    at /node_modules/some-obscure-library:199:32 # this is the actual location.
    at Module._compile (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:1139:30)
    at Module._extensions..js (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:1159:10)
    at Module.load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:988:32)
    at Module._load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:896:14)
    at executeUserEntryPoint (internal/modules/run_main.js:71:12)
```

With the knowledge of where the calls of `process.exit` is, we can check around

> the invocation to guess the reasons and prevent it from abnormal exits.

Reviewer 2: I'm not a huge fan of using the word `guess` here. The whole point of using instrumentation is to empower users to make informed decisions instead of guessing why things are not working.

```suggestion
the invocation to understand the reasons and prevent it from abnormal exits.
```

> Or if we find there is no such prints on process exits, we can come to a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the process doesn't output a stack trace on exit, we can come to a
```

> conclusion that the process may exited for some other obscure reasons, and we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
conclusion that the process exited for other reasons, and we
```

> have to deploy following steps of the Abnormal Termination guides.

Reviewer 2: > , and we have to deploy following steps of the Abnormal Termination guides.

This is vague, I'd rather point the user to specific guides based on symptoms. Might be worth leaving that last part out or leaving a placeholder so we can replace it in the future when those guides are written.
